# Ematching
VLDB2026: Finding Longest Subsequence Matches with Fixed Error Margin of Time Series for Entropy Rate Estimation

This repository contains implementations of five algorithms, four experimental setups, and plotting tools to reproduce and visualize the results from our paper. 

The project is organized as follows:

- `algs/` contains the core implementations of the five algorithms.
- `pyExp/` holds four scripts corresponding to the experiments described in the paper.
- `Exp_results/` stores the outputs of the experiments in CSV format. Each experiment has its own subdirectory (`Exp#1`, `Exp#2`, etc.).
- `pyPlots/` includes scripts that read the experiment results and generate plots.
- `Plots/` saves the figures generated by the plotting scripts.
- `Datasets/` contains the real-world datasets required for the experiments.
- `run_experiments.py` is the master script that automates the full workflow.

To get started, clone the repository and navigate into the directory `Ematching`

To reproduce all experiments and generate plots, simply run: 

`python run_experiments.py`

This script sequentially:

- Executes all four experimental scripts from `pyExp/`
- Saves their CSV outputs to `Exp_results/Exp#i/`
- Runs the plotting scripts from `pyPlots/` right after each experiment
- Saves the resulting plots in the `Plots/` folder


<!-- If you use this code or dataset in your research, please cite our paper:

@article{yourpaper2025,
  title={Title of Your Paper},
  author={Your Name and Co-authors},
  journal={Journal/Conference},
  year={2025},
  ...
} -->
